---
date: "2024-01-13 08:34:07" # 2021-07-14
title: "Breaking the Sound Barrier: NASA and Lockheed Martin Unveil X-59, a Quiet Supersonic Aircraft Set to Revolutionize Commercial Aviation"
# image: "images/plots/{{titleSlag}}.png"
author: "justin-guese"
draft: false
---
tickers: <a href='https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/LMT' target='_blank'>LMT</a> 

source: <a href='https://www.benzinga.com/news/24/01/36621915/watch-nasas-quiet-supersonic-aircraft-that-can-fly-at-1-4-times-the-speed-of-sound' target='_blank'>Benzinga</a>

#### tickers affected by this

| ticker | polarity | why? |
|------------|------------|------------|
| LMT | positively | The ticker LMT (Lockheed Martin) could be positively affected by the unveiling of the X-59 quiet supersonic aircraft as it demonstrates the company's technological advancements and potential for future contracts in the aviation industry. |



#### our strategies and bots using these tickers

None so far...

## summary

# NASA and Lockheed Martin Unveil X-59 Quiet Supersonic Aircraft

NASA and Lockheed Martin have officially unveiled their groundbreaking X-59 quiet supersonic aircraft, which is designed to collect vital data that could pave the way for a new era of commercial aircraft capable of breaking the sound barrier. The aircraft was presented at the Lockheed Martin Skunk Works facility in Palmdale, California.

The X-59 is a crucial component of NASA's Quesst mission, which aims to gather data that could influence regulators to reconsider the ban on commercial supersonic flights over land. The aircraft is engineered to reach speeds of 1.4 times the speed of sound while producing a quieter sonic boom. The data obtained from the mission will be shared by NASA with industry regulators, potentially opening up new commercial markets for U.S. companies and benefiting travelers worldwide.

The X-59's maiden flight is expected to take place later this year after integrated systems testing, engine runs, and taxi testing. Once initial tests are completed at the Skunk Works facility, the aircraft will be transferred to NASA's Armstrong Flight Research Center in Edwards, California, for further operations. NASA plans to conduct flight tests over selected U.S. cities with the X-59, gathering feedback on the sound generated by the aircraft and the public's perception of it. This feedback will be shared with the Federal Aviation Administration and international regulators.

The development of the X-59 is a significant step in the evolution of supersonic air travel. The data collected from the aircraft could revolutionize the airline industry, providing faster travel options and opening up new commercial opportunities. The reduction in noise levels could also lead to changes in current regulations, enabling supersonic flights over land, which have been banned for the past 50 years. Ultimately, this could result in a more efficient and expedient global transportation system.